Copyright and Licensing Information for RTZen

[1]RTZen is copyrighted by [2]Douglas C. Schmidt, Raymond Klefstad,
and their [3]research group at [4]University of California at Irvine,
Copyright (c) 2000-2001, all rights reserved. Since RTZen is
[5]open-source, [6]free software, you are free to use, modify, and
distribute the RTZen source code and object code produced from the
source, as long as you include this copyright statement along with
code built using RTZen.

In particular, you can use RTZen in proprietary software and are
under no obligation to redistribute any of your source code that is
built using RTZen. Note, however, that you may not do anything to
the RTZen code, such as copyrighting it yourself or claiming
authorship of the RTZen code, that will prevent RTZen from being
distributed freely using an open-source development model.

RTZen is provided as is with no warranties of any kind, including the
warranties of design, merchantability and fitness for a particular
purpose, noninfringement, or arising from a course of dealing,
usage or trade practice. Moreover, RTZen is provided with no support
and without any obligation on the part of the University of
California at Irvine, its employees, or students to assist in its
use, correction, modification, or enhancement.

The University of California at Irvine, its employees, and students
shall have no liability with respect to the infringement of
copyrights, trade secrets or any patents by RTZen or any part
thereof. Moreover, in no event will the University of California at
Irvine, its employees, or students be liable for any lost revenue
or profits or other special, indirect and consequential damages.

The [1]RTZen web site is maintained by the [3]Distributed Object
Computing Laboratory of the University of California at Irvine for
the development of open-source software as part of the
[5]open-source software community. By submitting comments,
suggestions, code, code snippets, techniques (including that of
usage), and algorithms, submitters acknowledge that they have the
right to do so, that any such submissions are given freely and
unreservedly, and that they waive any claims to copyright or
ownership. In addition, submitters acknowledge that any such
submission might become part of the copyright maintained on the
overall body of code, which comprises the [1]RTZen software. By
making a submission, submitter agree to these terms. Furthermore,
submitters acknowledge that the incorporation or modification of
such submissions is entirely at the discretion of the moderators of
the open-source RTZen projects or their designees.
